README.md, before:

# Ecommerce

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.5.

## Release Info

- Online Shop Template Integration -- Done
- Search for products by category -- Done
- Search for products by keyword -- Done
- Master / detail view of products -- Done
- Pagination -- Done
- Update Cart Status on adding items to cart -- Done
- Cart Details page with inc/dec quantity and remove product functionality. --Done
- Checkout Form --Done
  1. Form Layout
  2. Dropdown List
  3. Review Cart
  4. Save the order in Database
- Add products to shopping cart (CRUD) -- Done
- Shopping cart check out -- Done

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Readme updated for next release

README.md, after:

# Ecommerce

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.5.

## Release Info

- [x] Release 1.0
  - [x] Show a list of products
- [x] Release 2.0
  - [x] Online Shop Template Integration
  - [x] Search for products by category
  - [x] Search for products by keyword
  - [x] Master / detail view of products
  - [x] Pagination
  - [x] Update Cart Status on adding items to cart
  - [x] Cart Details page with inc/dec quantity and remove product functionality.
  - [x] Checkout Form
    1. Form Layout
    2. Dropdown List
    3. Review Cart
    4. Save the order in Database
  - [x] Add products to shopping cart (CRUD)
  - [x] Shopping cart check out
- [ ] Release 3.0
  - [ ] User login/logout security
  - [ ] Provide access to special VIP page only for authenticated users.
  - [ ] Keep track of order history for registered customers.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
